README.md, before:

# spells-goerli

![Build Status](https://github.com/makerdao/spells-goerli/actions/workflows/.github/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)

Staging repo for MakerDAO's Goerli executive spells.

## Instructions

### Getting Started

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:makerdao/spells-goerli.git
$ dapp update
```

### Adding Collaterals to the System

If the weekly executive needs to onboard a new collateral:

1. Update the `onboardNewCollaterals()` function in `DssSpellCollateralOnboarding.sol`.
2. Update the values in `src/tests/collaterals.sol`
3. uncomment the `onboardNewCollaterals();` in the `actions()` function in `DssSpellAction`

### Build

```bash
$ make
```

### Test (DappTools with Optimizations)

Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node.

```bash
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ make test
```

### Test (Forge without Optimizations)

#### Prerequisites
1. [Install](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) Rust.
2. [Install](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry#forge) Forge.

#### Operation
Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node.

```
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ make test-forge
```

### Deploy

Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node and ensure `ETH_GAS` is set to a high enough number to deploy the contract.

```bash
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ export ETH_GAS=8000000
$ export ETH_GAS_PRICE=$(seth --to-wei 3 "gwei")
$ make deploy

```

Commit message:

Housekeeping (#80)
* Reset spell

* Add FileCopyRightText

* Add oracles goerli deployer + skip wards

* Add circuit breakers + minor change in `get-created-timestamp.sh`

* Add ci test name

* Update readme

* Add `optimizer-runs` option, set default optimizer runs to 200 + minor refactor

* rm `test-dev` Makefile script

* readme(update): include collateral offboarding

* readme(cleanup): rm extra line

* starknet(cleanup): redundant `dss-interfaces` import

Co-authored-by: Brian McMichael <brian@brianmcmichael.com>

README.md, after:

# spells-goerli

![Build Status](https://github.com/makerdao/spells-goerli/actions/workflows/.github/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)

Staging repo for MakerDAO's Goerli executive spells.

## Instructions

### Getting Started

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:makerdao/spells-goerli.git
$ dapp update
```

### Adding Collaterals to the System

If the weekly executive needs to onboard a new collateral:

1. Update the `onboardNewCollaterals()` function in `Goerli-DssSpellCollateral.sol`
2. Update the values in `src/test/config.sol`
3. Add `onboardNewCollaterals();` in the `actions()` function in `DssSpellAction`

### Removing Collaterals from the System

If the weekly executive needs to offboard collaterals:

1. Update the `offboardCollaterals()` function in `Goerli-DssSpellCollateral.sol`
2. Update the values in `src/test/config.sol`
3. Add `offboardCollaterals();` in the `actions()` function in `DssSpellAction`

### Build

```bash
$ make
```

### Test (DappTools without Optimizations)

Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node.

```bash
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ make test
```

### Test (Forge without Optimizations)

#### Prerequisites
1. [Install](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) Rust.
2. [Install](https://github.com/gakonst/foundry#forge) Forge.

#### Operation
Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node.

```bash
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ make test-forge
```

### Deploy

Set `ETH_RPC_URL` to a Goerli node and ensure `ETH_GAS` is set to a high enough number to deploy the contract.

```bash
$ export ETH_RPC_URL=<Goerli URL>
$ export ETH_GAS=8000000
$ export ETH_GAS_PRICE=$(seth --to-wei 3 "gwei")
$ make deploy
```
